Git workshop demo, adding files with my name in them (#1)
hlwill/GitWorkshops: PersonTemplate.txt

Welcome to the GitHub Workshop!

> You must be Helen. Make a copy of this file, and add some changes to it - like maybe a story or a poem.

Author: Maybe you shouldn't change the template
```suggestion
You must be Person 1. Make a copy of this file, and add some changes to it - like maybe a story or a poem.
```
